{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs48\lang9                      Cab Booking system \par
\fs32 1. \b Actors \b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs24 Admin\b0 : Who is responsible for managing all the functions inside the system by login using a valid username and password. Admin can accept the request. Admin can access all the details of the registered users and registered customer. Login page for admin it contains fields that saying username, password and submit button. if click submit button its sill redirects to home page. Home page: It contains manly the cab pictures are displayed in front and in side bar there is an option for viewing the registered users, the admin can accept or reject their request. viewing the registered cab drivers, the admin can accept or reject their request. Details of users who are booked the cab. Details of cab that booked in the system. Details of cab drivers total booking. \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b User\b0 : Who is customer. A user can access the system by first sign up providing basic details such as name, phone number, email, user name, password.... After sign up complete user can login by the username and password. User can search for the cab service according to different criteria and book the cab after that move to payment. User can cancel the cab if required. The user home page that displays the cars images for booking user can register using sign up link it will redirect to user registration, if the user is registered the move to user sign in. The user can move on to booking and search for different cabs according to their interest. Each user can view their previous booking details also the status of their cab booked. User can move on to payment option. \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b Cab driver: \b0 Cab driver who is the person register the cab details. Enter into the system by sign up with user name and password. next time log into the system by that password and username. The cab manager is responsible for the booking, updating, adding, deleting all the cab details.cab manager can also get the home like user and can register into the system by cab driver sign up and it will lead to cab driver registration. A registered cab driver can move on to cab driver sign up.cab driver can accept or reject the request send by the user.      cab driver can view no of bookings that he gets, no of customers who ordered the cab. \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs32 2. Features \par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i\fs24 Admin login\i0 : Admin can log in to the system by a valid username and password. \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\i User sign up, User login and Updating \i0 : A user needs to first sign up for enter into the system by providing basic details such as name, phone number, email, address, username, password.... later the user can login by the entered password and username and the details of the user can be updated if required .and can access the home page, all cab details, all registered users and cab drivers' details, booking details of each user. \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\i Cab manager sign up, sign in and Updating \i0 : Cab manager is responsible registering all the details that are related to cab.cab manager can access the system by first sign up with including details such as username, password. The cab driver details also can be updated. \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\i Cab Registration \i0 : Cab is resisted by the cab Drivers providing details such as   cab name, cab id, charge per km, ... \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\i Cab updating \i0 : The details that are saved previously about cab registration can be updated by the cab manager and can also delete the details about the cab. \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i Cab Adding: \i0 A cab owner can add details about another cab and all the details must entered is same as the cab registration after adding a cab successfully it shows a message such as \ldblquote cab added successfully\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\i Cab Searching \i0 : The details about the cab can be searched by the user according to different criteria such as cab name, driver. \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\i Cab Booking \i0 :The cab can be booked by the user according to their interest. Date of booking and amount destination.... Can be specified in the booking. \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\i Payment \i0 : After booking the user can move on payment section with the details such name of the user's name, cab name, amount, cab id, date of booking, total amount. \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\i Booking view from cab driver side \i0 : Cab driver can accept or reject the cab booking by the user. \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} \i Booking view from the user side \i0 : user can view all the booked details and can view the status of the booking. \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Admin sign out, cab driver signs out and user sign out. \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\fs32 3. Requirements \par
\b\fs24 Admin login: \b0 Admin log into the system by valid username and password, if any one of the fields is missing or incorrect it must display an error message and it doesn't give permission to enter into the system. \par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\i Username\b0\i0 : If the username is empty, it shows an error message saying \ldblquote The username must enter\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}If the username is incorrect, it shows an error massage showing \ldblquote The username is incorrect\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Password\b0\i0 : If the Password is empty, it shows an error message saying \ldblquote The Password must enter\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}If the password is incorrect, it shows an error massage showing \ldblquote The password is incorrect\rdblquote . \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b User registation\b0 : User must enter basic details for register into the system. \par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\i name\b0\i0 : Name is mandatory if this field is missing it must show an error message saying \ldblquote This field is mandatory" and it only a character more than three character. If any non-character is entered it shows an error massage showing \ldblquote Only characters are allowed\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Adress\b0\i0 : The primary address of the user. If this field is missing it shows an error message saying \ldblquote This field is mandatory\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Phone number: \b0\i0 Phone number of the user for the basic verification id. If this field is missing it shows an error message saying \ldblquote This field is mandatory". Only numbers are allowed if any non-number is entered it shows an error message showing \ldblquote Only numbers are allowed\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Email\b0\i0 : Email id of the user, if this field is missing it shows an error message saying \ldblquote This field is mandatory". It must include an \lquote @ \lquote symbol and \lquote .\rquote  if it is missing shows a message that contain\rdblquote  only email can enter\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Username\b0\i0 : User name for the user further login it must contain at least 6 characters .it doesn't reach 6 characters it shows an error message showing \ldblquote enter at least 6 characters\rdblquote . If this field is missing it shows an error message saying \ldblquote This field is mandatory".\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Password\b0\i0 : The password for the user for future use. If this field is missing it shows an error message saying \ldblquote This field is mandatory\rdblquote  and it must be an alpha numeric. If it is not, display an error message showing \ldblquote This must contain at least one character one number and a special character\rdblquote  and also it must reach at least 6 characters. If it is not showing an error message that \ldblquote At least 6 character is required\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}If all the mandatory field is complete the user can move on to submit button, then the data are stored int the database the username and password can used by the user for the login to the system. \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}If all the details are complete and entered correctly the system must shows a message that Convey \ldblquote you are successfully registered\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}User can update their information if required if it updated then shows a message \ldblquote user details updated successfully\rdblquote . \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b User login\b0 : The user can log into the system by registered username and password. If any field is incorrect, it must display an error message. \par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\i Username\b0\i0 : If username is incorrect, it must display an error message saying \ldblquote The username is incorrect". If it is missing display an error message containing \ldblquote This field is mandatory\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Password\b0\i0 : If password is incorrect, it must display an error message saying \ldblquote The password is incorrect". If it is missing display an error message containing \ldblquote This field is mandatory\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}If all the field is correct user can login to the system and shows a message \ldblquote You are successfully log in\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Also, if the user is forgot the password can create a new password by clicking forget password this link is move to a new page for creating new password.  \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Cab Driver sign up\b0 : Cab Driver can sign up by entering the details such as cab name, cab driver name.... \par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\i Cab Driver name\b0\i0 : Name of the cab Driver it isa mandatory field if it is not filled it must show an error message such as \ldblquote This field is mandatory\rdblquote .it only allowed to accept the character if it is not then showing a message that contain \ldblquote only character is allowed\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} \b\i Driver License id\b0\i0 : The license id of the cab driver, license id is mandatory and only numbers are allowed if it is empty shows an error message \ldblquote this is mandatory field" if any non-numeric values entered then it shows a message that saying \ldblquote only numbers are allowed\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Number of years of experience\b0\i0 : it is a mandatory field, is mandatory and only numbers are allowed if it is empty shows an error message \ldblquote this is mandatory field" if any non-numeric values entered then it shows a message that saying \ldblquote only numbers are allowed\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Username for driver\b0\i0 : User name for the user further login it must contain at least 6 characters .it doesn't reach 6 characters it shows an error message showing \ldblquote enter at least 6 characters\rdblquote . If this field is missing it shows an error message saying \ldblquote This field is mandatory".\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Password\b0\i0 : The password for the user for future use. If this field is missing it shows an error message saying \ldblquote This field is mandatory\rdblquote  and it must be an alpha numeric. If it is not, display an error message showing \ldblquote This must contain at least one character one number and a special character\rdblquote  and also it must reach at least 6 characters. If it is not showing an error message that \ldblquote At least 6 character is required\rdblquote . \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Cab driver log in\b0 : The cab driver can log into the system by the registered username and password. \par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1   \b\i Username of driver\b0\i0 : If username is incorrect, it must display an error message saying \ldblquote The username is incorrect". If it is missing display an error message containing \ldblquote This field is mandatory\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Password of driver\b0\i0 : If password is incorrect, it must display an error message saying \ldblquote The password is incorrect". If it is missing display an error message containing \ldblquote This field is mandatory\rdblquote . \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 If all the field is correct user can login to the system and shows a message \ldblquote You are successfully log in\rdblquote .  \par
Also, if the is forgot the password can create a new password by clicking forget password this link is move to a new page for creating new password. \par
\b Cab Registration\b0 : cab can be registered by the cab drivers .it can be providing details such as cab name, cab id, model name, image.. \par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1  \b\i Cab name\b0\i0 : Cab name can be included only character. If it is not then must show a message such as \ldblquote Only characters are allowed. It can't be empty then must shows a message such as \ldblquote This can't be empty\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Cab Registration number\b0\i0 : Cab registration number is id of the cab. If it is not filled shows a message \ldblquote This field is mandatory\rdblquote  and the cab id must be a number and character any special symbol is entered Then shows a message that contain \ldblquote only numbers and characters are allowed\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Place\b0\i0 : it is the place where the cab is registered this field is mandatory if it is missing then shows a message such as \ldblquote This field is mandatory\rdblquote  and only characters are allowed. If any non-character is entered then shows an error message such as \ldblquote Only characters are allowed\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Seat no\b0\i0 : It shows the number of seats is available in cab.it must be a number if it is not showing a message such as \ldblquote only numbers are allowed\rdblquote  and it is mandatory data. If this data is not filled then shows a message that \ldblquote This field is mandatory\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Cab image\b0\i0 : The cab image must include in cab registration. This field is mandatory if it is not entered then shows a message \ldblquote This field is mandatory\rdblquote  and image must be in Png or jpg format with in the file size of 50 MB. If fit is not then showing an error message such as\rdblquote  Picture in Png format or jpg format within the limit of 50 MB\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Charge per km\b0\i0 : The charge that caused according to per km. \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Description\b0\i0 : This include the description about the cab this is not a mandatory field. \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}The cab details can be updated later by the cab driver. \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Cab searching\b0 : The cab details can be searched by the user. According to different criteria such as charge per km, seat.  \par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\i Cab booking\b0\i0 : The user can move on to booking according to their needs and enter details such as date for cab, starting destination, ending destination. \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Cab name\b0\i0 :  The name of the cab that selected from the registered cab this field is mandatory if it is not specified then shows error message showing \ldblquote This field must be selected\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Cab registration number\b0\i0 : The registration number of the cab, that selected from the registered cab .This field is mandatory if it is not specified then shows error message showing \ldblquote This field must be selected\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Date of booking\b0\i0 : The date which cab is booking for.it is a mandatory field, if it is not entered then must shows an error message that contain \ldblquote This field is mandatory\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Starting destination\b0\i0 : Starting destination is where the user wants to start the journey, it is a mandatory field if it is not entered then shows an error message such as \ldblquote This field is mandatory". This field must be a character if any non-character is entered then shows an error message such as saying that \ldblquote Only characters are allowed\rdblquote .  \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Ending destination\b0\i0 : Ending destination is where the user wants to end the journey, it is a mandatory field if it is not entered then shows an error message such as \ldblquote This field is mandatory". This field must be a character if any non-character is entered then shows an error message such as saying that \ldblquote Only characters are allowed\rdblquote .  \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Time\b0\i0 : This field is for in which time the cab service is needed. It is a mandatory field if it is not entered then shows an error message showing that \ldblquote This field is mandatory". Only numbers are allowed in this field if any non-numbers are entered then it must display an error message saying that \ldblquote Only numbers are allowed\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}If all the details are filled then shows a message \ldblquote booking is complete can move on to payment\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}User can also the facility to cancel the booking. \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Payment\b0 : The user can move on to payment section after booking.it contains the details for the UPI payment such as. \par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\i Name on the card\b0\i0 : Name on the card, it must be character if it is not then display message saying \ldblquote Only characters are allowed". If it is empty then specify \ldblquote This field is required\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Card number\b0\i0 : It is the number of the card if it is not specified shows an error message saying that \ldblquote This field is mandatory". If any non-number is entered then shows an error message saying \ldblquote Only numbers are allowed\rdblquote . The number of digits must be 12 if it is not then displaying a message \ldblquote Enter 12 characters\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Cvv\b0\i0 : This field is the 3-digit number that specified back of the cards. This field is, mandatory if it is not then showing an error message saying \ldblquote This field is mandatory\rdblquote . Only digits are allowed if any non-numbers are entered then display a message saying that \ldblquote Only digits are allowed\rdblquote . This field is a 3-digit if it is not then display message saying \ldblquote Enter 3-digit number\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Expiry date: \b0\i0 It is showing the expiry date that written in the card in month and year format we need to select it if it is not selected then display a message saying \ldblquote This field is mandatory\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Total charge to be pay\b0\i0 : This field is automatically calculated by the system according to the charge that provided from the cab drivers per KM and take the estimated KM from the starting destination and ending destination. Calculate the total amount. \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Phone number: \b0\i0 Phone number of the user for the basic verification id. If this field is missing it shows an error message saying \ldblquote This field is mandatory". Only numbers are allowed if any non-number is entered it shows an error message showing \ldblquote Only numbers are allowed\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}If any field is not matching display a message saying \ldblquote This card is not valid\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}If all the details are provided correctly then display message saying \ldblquote payment done successfully\rdblquote . \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b The Booking view \b0 section contains details such as name of the user, name of the cab, Cab booked date, payment options \'85 \par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\i Name of the user: \b0\i0 it is the name of the user.it is displayed automatically. \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Name of the cab: \b0\i0 Name of the cab that booked by the user. This field is also displayed automatically. \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Date for booking\b0\i0 : This field is specified in which date the user expected date for the service. It is also filled from the data base.  \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Date of booking\b0\i0 : This field specify in which date the cab is booked.it is also filled automatically from the data base. \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Starting destination: \b0\i0 This field is specified in the starting destination that was provided by the user, it is an automatic filled field. \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Ending destination\b0\i0 : This field is specified in the ending destination that was provided by the user, it is an automatic filled field. \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Total charge\b0\i0 : This field is automatically calculated by the system according to the charge that provided from the cab drivers per KM and take the estimated KM from the starting destination and ending destination. Calculate the total amount. \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Status: \b0\i0 Thios field is specifying the status of the booking like booked, payment pending... \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Admin, cab driver can sign out from the system. \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs32 4. Test Cases \par
\b\fs24 Admin login: \b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\i Username\b0\i0 : If the username is empty, it shows an error message saying \ldblquote The username must enter\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}If the username is incorrect, it shows an error massage showing \ldblquote The username is incorrect\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Password\b0\i0 : If the Password is empty, it shows an error message saying \ldblquote The Password must enter\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}If the password is incorrect, it shows an error massage showing \ldblquote The password is incorrect\rdblquote . \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b User registation\b0 : \par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\i name\b0\i0 : Name is mandatory if this field is missing it must show an error message saying \ldblquote This field is mandatory" and it only a character more than three character. If any non-character is entered it shows an error massage showing \ldblquote Only characters are allowed\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Adress\b0\i0 : The primary address of the user. If this field is missing it shows an error message saying \ldblquote This field is mandatory\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Phone number: \b0\i0 Phone number of the user for the basic verification id. If this field is missing it shows an error message saying \ldblquote This field is mandatory". Only numbers are allowed if any non-number is entered it shows an error message showing \ldblquote Only numbers are allowed\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Email\b0\i0 : Email id of the user, if this field is missing it shows an error message saying \ldblquote This field is mandatory". It must include an \lquote @ \lquote symbol and \lquote .\rquote  if it is missing shows a message that contain\rdblquote  only email can enter\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Username\b0\i0 : User name for the user further login it must contain at least 6 characters .it doesn't reach 6 characters it shows an error message showing \ldblquote enter at least 6 characters\rdblquote . If this field is missing it shows an error message saying \ldblquote This field is mandatory".\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Password\b0\i0 : The password for the user for future use. If this field is missing it shows an error message saying \ldblquote This field is mandatory\rdblquote  and it must be an alpha numeric. If it is not, display an error message showing \ldblquote This must contain at least one character one number and a special character\rdblquote  and also it must reach at least 6 characters. If it is not showing an error message that \ldblquote At least 6 character is required\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}If all the details are complete and entered correctly the system must shows a message that Convey \ldblquote you are successfully registered\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}User can update their information if required if it updated then shows a message \ldblquote user details updated successfully\rdblquote . \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b User login\b0 : \par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\i Username\b0\i0 : If username is incorrect, it must display an error message saying \ldblquote The username is incorrect". If it is missing display an error message containing \ldblquote This field is mandatory\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Password\b0\i0 : If password is incorrect, it must display an error message saying \ldblquote The password is incorrect". If it is missing display an error message containing \ldblquote This field is mandatory\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}If all the field is correct user can login to the system and shows a message \ldblquote You are successfully log in\rdblquote . \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Cab Driver sign up\b0 : \par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\i Cab Driver name\b0\i0 : Name of the cab Driver it isa mandatory field if it is not filled it must show an error message such as \ldblquote This field is mandatory\rdblquote .it only allowed to accept the character if it is not then showing a message that contain \ldblquote only character is allowed\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} \b\i Driver License id\b0\i0 : The license id of the cab driver, license id is mandatory and only numbers are allowed if it is empty shows an error message \ldblquote this is mandatory field" if any non-numeric values entered then it shows a message that saying \ldblquote only numbers are allowed\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Number of years of experience\b0\i0 : it is a mandatory field, is mandatory and only numbers are allowed if it is empty shows an error message \ldblquote this is mandatory field" if any non-numeric values entered then it shows a message that saying \ldblquote only numbers are allowed\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Username for driver\b0\i0 : User name for the user further login it must contain at least 6 characters .it doesn't reach 6 characters it shows an error message showing \ldblquote enter at least 6 characters\rdblquote . If this field is missing it shows an error message saying \ldblquote This field is mandatory".\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Password\b0\i0 : The password for the user for future use. If this field is missing it shows an error message saying \ldblquote This field is mandatory\rdblquote  and it must be an alpha numeric. If it is not, display an error message showing \ldblquote This must contain at least one character one number and a special character\rdblquote  and also it must reach at least 6 characters. If it is not showing an error message that \ldblquote At least 6 character is required\rdblquote . \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Cab driver log in\b0 : \par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1   \b\i Username of driver\b0\i0 : If username is incorrect, it must display an error message saying \ldblquote The username is incorrect". If it is missing display an error message containing \ldblquote This field is mandatory\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Password of driver\b0\i0 : If password is incorrect, it must display an error message saying \ldblquote The password is incorrect". If it is missing display an error message containing \ldblquote This field is mandatory\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}If all the field is correct user can login to the system and shows a message \ldblquote You are successfully log in\rdblquote .  \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Cab Registration\b0 : \par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1  \b\i Cab name\b0\i0 : Cab name can be included only character. If it is not then must show a message such as \ldblquote Only characters are allowed. It can't be empty then must shows a message such as \ldblquote This can't be empty\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Cab Registration number\b0\i0 : Cab registration number is id of the cab. If it is not filled shows a message \ldblquote This field is mandatory\rdblquote  and the cab id must be a number and character any special symbol is entered Then shows a message that contain \ldblquote only numbers and characters are allowed\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Place\b0\i0 : it is the place where the cab is registered this field is mandatory if it is missing then shows a message such as \ldblquote This field is mandatory\rdblquote  and only characters are allowed. If any non-character is entered then shows an error message such as \ldblquote Only characters are allowed\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Seat no\b0\i0 : It shows the number of seats is available in cab.it must be a number if it is not showing a message such as \ldblquote only numbers are allowed\rdblquote  and it is mandatory data. If this data is not filled then shows a message that \ldblquote This field is mandatory\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Cab image\b0\i0 : The cab image must include in cab registration. This field is mandatory if it is not entered then shows a message \ldblquote This field is mandatory\rdblquote  and image must be in Png or jpg format with in the file size of 50 MB. If fit is not then showing an error message such as\rdblquote  Picture in Png format or jpg format within the limit of 50 MB\rdblquote . \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Cab searching\b0 : \par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\i Cab name\b0\i0 :  The name of the cab that selected from the registered cab this field is mandatory if it is not specified then shows error message showing \ldblquote This field must be selected\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Cab registration number\b0\i0 : The registration number of the cab, that selected from the registered cab .This field is mandatory if it is not specified then shows error message showing \ldblquote This field must be selected\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Date of booking\b0\i0 : The date which cab is booking for.it is a mandatory field, if it is not entered then must shows an error message that contain \ldblquote This field is mandatory\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Starting destination\b0\i0 : Starting destination is where the user wants to start the journey, it is a mandatory field if it is not entered then shows an error message such as \ldblquote This field is mandatory". This field must be a character if any non-character is entered then shows an error message such as saying that \ldblquote Only characters are allowed\rdblquote .  \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Ending destination\b0\i0 : Ending destination is where the user wants to end the journey, it is a mandatory field if it is not entered then shows an error message such as \ldblquote This field is mandatory". This field must be a character if any non-character is entered then shows an error message such as saying that \ldblquote Only characters are allowed\rdblquote .  \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Time\b0\i0 : This field is for in which time the cab service is needed. It is a mandatory field if it is not entered then shows an error message showing that \ldblquote This field is mandatory". Only numbers are allowed in this field if any non-numbers are entered then it must display an error message saying that \ldblquote Only numbers are allowed\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}If all the details are filled then shows a message \ldblquote booking is complete can move on to payment\rdblquote . \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Payment\b0 : \par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\i Name on the card\b0\i0 : Name on the card, it must be character if it is not then display message saying \ldblquote Only characters are allowed". If it is empty then specify \ldblquote This field is required\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Card number\b0\i0 : It is the number of the card if it is not specified shows an error message saying that \ldblquote This field is mandatory". If any non-number is entered then shows an error message saying \ldblquote Only numbers are allowed\rdblquote . The number of digits must be 12 if it is not then displaying a message \ldblquote Enter 12 characters\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Cvv\b0\i0 : This field is the 3-digit number that specified back of the cards. This field is, mandatory if it is not then showing an error message saying \ldblquote This field is mandatory\rdblquote . Only digits are allowed if any non-numbers are entered then display a message saying that \ldblquote Only digits are allowed\rdblquote . This field is a 3-digit if it is not then display message saying \ldblquote Enter 3-digit number\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Expiry date: \b0\i0 It is showing the expiry date that written in the card in month and year format we need to select it if it is not selected then display a message saying \ldblquote This field is mandatory\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b\i Phone number: \b0\i0 Phone number of the user for the basic verification id. If this field is missing it shows an error message saying \ldblquote This field is mandatory". Only numbers are allowed if any non-number is entered it shows an error message showing \ldblquote Only numbers are allowed\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}If any field is not matching display a message saying \ldblquote This card is not valid\rdblquote . \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}If all the details are provided correctly then display message saying \ldblquote payment done successfully\rdblquote . \par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs32\par
\fs24\par
            \par
\par
 \par
}
 